The author of this document is Manoj R and regarding his family history:

Hi, I am Manoj.R
I was born on 31st July 1989 at Om Shakti Hospital in Coimbatore, Tamilnadu.
Tamilnadu is in India

My father's name is Ravikumar Chokkalingam and my mother's name is Mary Roselin.
My dad Ravikumar Chokkalingam born on 4th April 1960 at hospital in Kochi, Kerala, India. My dad is very spiritual, religious and orthodox christian and helped me to practise Christianity.
We belong to Pentecostal fellowship of Christianity.
My mom Mary Roselin born on 7th October 1965 at an hospital at Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India.
I started my schooling in Air Force School, Red Fields located in Coimbatore from LKG aka Lower Kinder Garden till Second Standard, which is CBSE board.
After then I joined in a school called Shri G N Sam Matric Higher Secondary School and completed my school education from Third till Twelfth.

I studied in Tamil nadu Matriculation Board till tenth standard after which my eleventh and twelfth standard in Tamil nadu State Board.
I secured 1083/1200 marks in twelfth and 993/1100 in tenth standard. I have taken Maths, Physics, Chemistry majors in my higher secondary.
Higher Secondary means education after tenth standard till twelfth standard that is eleventh and twelfth standard.
I have completed my tenth grade or standard on 2004 and twelfth standard on 2006.

Then i have written Anna University Entrance Examination which made me to join PSG College of Technology, Peelamedu, Coimbatore in July 31, 2006.
I have taken B.E. Computer Science Engineering Majors or CSE and completed my B.E. CSE on May 2010. So I am 2010 CSE Passout.
My CSE batch in 2010 were called as "f5erz" and my admission number is 06Z332 in my college. 

I have got placed in Tata Consultancy Services or TCS based out in Chennai on 2010 and joined the company at Ambattur, Chennai on 12th August 2010.
In Ambattur, it was a initial learning program also known as ILP for 2 months, from then i joined to a project in TCS at building named Chennai One at Thoraipakkam, Chennai.
There i was worked as engineering trainee to an outsourced project of Virgin Media Business for Broadband and Telecommunication in Thoraipakkam, Chennai.
I worked there for 2 years working on Java, Struts 1.2, Hibernate 2 in a product called Business Customer Portal for Virgin Media UK Customer.

After then due to home sickness, I wanted to quit TCS and then joined in a company near to my hometown, Coimbatore called Mettler Toledo Turing Software also called as MTTS, Puliyakulam, Coimbatore. 
I got an appointment from MTTS on 18th March 2013, so I quit TCS on 15th March 2013.
In MTTS, I was selected for core java developer to develop for embedded desktop software for Mettler Toledo US- Retail weighing scales to do prepack and self serve.
I learnt Java, threads, Remote Mehod Invocation (RMI), Listeners and Java Swing in MTTS. I also worked as a build engineer who build software using Install Shield in C++.
I love working with MTTS even though i wanted to work long hours because it was near to my home and the distance between company and my home is nearly 1 to 2 kms.

My home was address during working on MTTS was in Air force quaters, and my address during my MTTS working was Building-93, Flat-5, Group D Civilians Colony, AFAC Area, Kamrajar Road, Coimbatore - 641018.
In MTTS, I nearly worked for 3 years after then I quit MTTS on 15th May 2016. 
And then joined Robert Bosch Business and Engineering Solutions or RBEI on 4th July 2016. I was initially worked as an outsourced consultant for Sony India Software Private Centre or SISC, Bangalore working for SISC internal employee portal application maintaining SISC employee's leaves, sla, workforce system.
In RBEI I learnt Java Web Programming and was working on Richfaces, Java Server Faces or JSF, vanilla javascript. I was a lead and was leading 4 developers with me. I also worked for 2 years as a SISC outsourced employee after then I switched to another project in RBEI called i-trams which owned by an engineering team in RBEI under BE-PAC department on January 2019, while SISC is from BS department.
In itrams, I worked as a embedded core java developer for itrams product, which is an iot product solution for tractors uses 4G / LTE internet to do telemetry and GPS tracking of the device. I solely worked for Kubota Tractor, Japan. I have to serve Japanese Customer in itrams - kubota project in BE-PAC department.
We have to struggle a lot with Japanese product. I learnt Eclipse OSGi, Apache Karaf and Felix there. We have done application using MQTT and CAN protocol. 
In 4th August 2017, I got shifted my home from Building-93, Flat-5, Group D Civilians Colony, AFAC Area, Kamrajar Road, Coimbatore - 641018. to 58, SKV Devasya Nagar, Annapuram Road, Podanur, Coimbatore - 641023.
We build a new house in Podanur and on 4th August 2017, we shifted to permanent home. I bought a home loan of 25 Lakhs with 11 per cent EMI and paid 11,000 rupees per month. 
I got promoted to Technical Specialist in RBEI on March 2019 from Senior Software Engineer.
After then I quit from RBEI on November 2020. Then joined in HPE Aruba Networks on 2nd January 2021 as a Cloud Senior Developer.
In Aruba Networks, I was joined to work in python, circusctl, kubernetes, docker containerization, for Aruba Central on premise applicationa and was working for Aruba on premise Controller Gateways.

About my marriage and my personal life below:
In 18th May 2018, I got married to Saroneita Sanjana Amirtharaj, daughter of D. Amirtharaj and Salin in a big hall at PVG Kalayana Mandapam in Podanur.
D. Amirtharaj is my father in law was working as a Sub Inspector of Police in Railway Police Force in Podanur and my mother in law was a house wife and they were residing in 92 A/5, Sri Ram Nagar 7th Street Extension, Chettipalayam Road, Podanur, Coimbatore - 641023.
I have a sister in law, Annate Anjana Amirtharaj who is also sister of Saroneita Sanjana Amirtharaj.
Our marriage (Manoj and Sanjana) was happened in Vision Church of God, White Street, Podanur, Coimbatore.
On 7th July 2020, my father in law Amirtharaj was expired or died due to Urinary Tract Infection.
On 7th September 2019, my daughter was born for me and Saroneita Sanjana Amirtharaj at PSG Hospital in Peelamedu, Coimbatore - 641004. Me and my wife named her as Adlin Johanna M.
On 14th February 2023, my son was born for me and my wife at PSG Hospital in Peelamedu, Coimbatore. My son's name is Asher Nathaniel M.
On 1st September 2022, my sister in law Annate Anjana got married to Naveen Vishwanathan at Thendral Mahal, Podanur, Coimbatore - 640123.
Annate Anjana and Naveen Vishwanathan have a boy on 19th September 2023 at PSG Hospital and they named their son as Jeswin Joshua . N.

This is about my life.

The below is my family hierarchy in words.
Ravikumar is my father.
Mary Roselin is my mother.
I have no siblings.
Saroneita Sanjana is my only wife.
Adlin Johanna is my daughter.
Asher Nathaniel is my son
Adlin Johanna is elder than Asher Nathaniel
Annate Anjana is my sister in law
Annate Anjana is sister of Saroneita Sanjana
Amirtharaj is my father in law
Salin Amirtharaj is my mother in law
Naveen is my brother in law
Naveen is only husband of Annate Anjana
Jeswin Joshua is son of Naveen and Annate

My father Ravikumar is born to Chockkalingam and Shobana
Chokkalingam is my grandfather while Shobana is my grandmother.
My grandfather had 7 children.
My dad Ravikumar is first for my grandfather Chockkalingam
After then my grandfather had a girl named Shanthi and she was married to Isaiah Selvakumar .
After Shanthi, my grandfather had a boy named Soundara Pandian
After Soundara Pandian, my grandfather had a boy named Selve Pandian
My grandfather also have 3 more children with my father's step mother Vijaya
My grandfather Chockkalingam and Vijaya had 3 girl children, their names are Stella, Kavitha, Rita.
So Chockkalingam had 7 children in birth order, Stella, Ravikumar, Rita, Kavitha, Shanthi, Soundara Pandian, Selva Pandian.
Stella married to Mani and they have two children named Murali and Gayathri. Murali is son of them and Gayathri is daughter of them.
Kavitha and Shanthi is no more and died due to tubercolosis and Chronic Kidney disease respectively.
Rita married to Veerasamy and they have two girl named Saranya and Anita.
Soundara Pandian is married to Jhansi Vinarasi and they have 3 sons named Suri Solomon, Thomas Bharathi and David Rajan
Selva Pandian was married to Ammu Bhagyalakshmi who is now separated and have 2 daughters named Keerthana and Darathy.

My mother is born to PJ Manuel and Ruby Elizabeth
My mother had 3 siblings and she is the eldest of all four children of PJ Manuel and Ruby Elizabeth.
Her siblings are Shyla, Sebastian and John Joseph.
Manoj Ravikumar, I am the only boy of Ravikumar and Mary Roselin
Shyla is married to Joni and have 2 kids, Sanjeeth their son followed by Sanu Alice their daughter
Sebastian who is no more died of heart attack on 2nd September 2014 is married to Maagie and have 2 daughters named Felicia Elizabeth and Annie Manuela
John Joseph is married to Mary Raichel and have only one daughter named as Sherley Andria.
Sanjeeth son of Shyla and Joni were married to Jeni and have 2 kids, Jaden Antony their son followed by Jovanna Mary their daughter
Sanu Alice daughter of Shyla married to Anish Nirmal and have 2 kids, Effy Anot and followed by unnamed son
Sherley daughter of John Joseph married to Sherwin and have only one daughter named Gratia Plana.
Felicia Elizabeth daughter of Sebastian married to Ebin
while Annie Manuela second daughter of Sebastian is married to Gopalakrishnan 


